download mixtapes door
and I was of me
fuck upon the same me my daughter
discover
my rockstar campaign as it osborne money
just a bird like a fire in the farm is
pulling on a card trick Hunter page
magazine sipping on codeine so I can
make my thoughts clean I swear faint
come on earth i click on nickel nickel
header and shit what I'm too ambitious
through a bitch make the pitches well
it's very busy car the devil don't get a
hold of my spirit shutter wash my hair
wash my hair so much dirt on them oh I
cry so hard hey now I'm high desert Sona
you rather see me suffer wrap my whole
team under apply made the pressure on it
with no punches your mother fucker bonus
TV I know
discover ever
I
it is in the closet
nevada state singles fans on
I much space
my body Fila gorgeous teressa Peter
formula don't make me put it on you i
recollect your memory furnace and was
important and i turned into a bitch is a
one lb d foot up to the fuck up I'm I
bid you a crack house life itt Tucson
you can t witness on this Q gotta go
through feeling in your kidney she
wishes in this power l'chaim and I got
bitches ain't comin on come in hey no
remote control on demands you wanna see
me win I go Taliban friend ate shit
behind and free band logo Oregon local
that cock called alpha dead on my knees
come on the save me by no script about
this comfortable
because I hey
bitches in the club for miles o
better say English weather
I got a spare
japan a spear made me coated in Ohio
Valley headaches every day but you can't
tell how hard I all I'm in heaven to you
real ain't no excuses i'm making oh I
get through the bad days Evan patient I
don't have no idea how to hey let's try
an affair I see more chew them build up
to this point at your career are you
writing the barbers wear with your
friend with your dad but it's learn
English without a shit in every man
named red call me I put in when our
grants on us apart take money just cause
the back on you down bad take your anger
than you command I gradually the booth
with the thought is far
save me fine unscrew the bow
where is coming over
major transacting
the cover wiser
I'm back spasm
download this song for free at download
mixtapes org